It’s really nice to take a break from reading,
It's a pity that all of you must die.
Immortal Toho,
What do you mean, I have long since arrested you and brought you here to study.
Instead, he will die unintentionally,
False love, this,
Use it big, think that I have God in me,
It's a pity that I can use it to do my homework.
And this is not an ordinary study,
Heaven, the power of the gods,
God, she is God,
Days are born, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, days, Day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day
Indeed the legend
The determined hatred of reincarnation
There is an ancestor at the headquarters
once mentioned and at this time
I didn’t expect it to be a real God
Because I'm so far away
But you are so far away
It's always fun to protect your people
Then use your divine power to be strict here, I'm high
Use it for ten minutes
Within these ten minutes
i kill you enough
I'd like to see
You can't afford to bleed
Use your life to save him
Good to play boat
We are boaters
Also walk away from people
Okay, master, I don’t want to refuse the answer. Yes, please call someone.
I will beat you to clear the game and choose to teach you. Good luck to me.
It's my favorite. Don't tell me. I know.
If you shouldn't go, will you?
won't let you die